Clarify PDB maxUnavailable rounding logic (#39670)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb.md

Example 3: With a `maxUnavailable` of 5, evictions are allowed as long as there are at most 5
unhealthy replicas among the total number of desired replicas.

Example 4: With a `maxUnavailable` of 30%, evictions are allowed as long as the number of 
unhealthy replicas does not exceed 30% of the total number of desired replica rounded up to 

> the nearest integer. If the total number of desired replicas is just one, the only one replica 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the nearest integer. If the total number of desired replicas is just one, that single replica
```
?
